Doc update tutorial review (#7998)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/m365-apps/extend-m365-teams-message-extension.md

To start with a [sample message extension](https://github.com/OfficeDev/TeamsFx-Samples/tree/ga/NPM-search-connector-M365) that's already enabled to run in Outlook, use Teams Toolkit extension for Visual Studio Code.

1. From Visual Studio Code, open the command palette (`Ctrl+Shift+P`), type `Teams: Create a new app`.
1. Select **Create a new Teams app** option.

> 1. Select **Search-based message extension** to download sample code for a Teams message extension using the latest Teams app manifest. For specific version information, refer to [Teams developer manifest](../resources/schema/manifest-schema.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Search-based message extension** to download the sample code for a Teams message extension using the latest Teams app manifest. For more information, see [Teams developer manifest](../resources/schema/manifest-schema.md).
```

```json
{
    "$schema" : "https://developer.microsoft.com/json-schemas/teams/v1.14/MicrosoftTeams.schema.json",

>     "manifestVersion" : "1.14"

Reviewer: Global: Could you please check the update. The latest version is now 1.16.

    :::image type="content" source="images/toolkit-zip-teams-metadata-package.png" alt-text="The screenshot is an example that shows 'Zip Teams metadata package' option in Teams Toolkit extension for Visual Studio Code.":::

> 1. Sign in to Teams with your sandbox tenant account, and toggle into  *Developer Preview* mode. Select the ellipsis (**...**) menu by your user profile, then select: **About** > **Developer preview**.

Author: @erikadoyle - pretty sure we want to remove this given https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs/pull/7930 right?

> 1. Sign in to Teams with your sandbox tenant account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to **Microsoft Teams** and sign in using your sandbox tenant account.
```
